Panic selling right now Warren Buffett
28.7 billion worth I'm going to break
that all down for you and explain
exactly what's going on right here and
now you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you I've got a big
message today it's all about what's
happening inside the stock market yes we
can look at the consumer yes we can look
at the economy but we can get some
information pulled from Warren Buffett
and other invest s out there when we
look at the action that they're taking
I'll break that all down for you right
here and now Warren Buffett selling 28.7
billion dollars in stocks that Rings
alarm Bells over the economy now we know
what's going on in the real economy
obviously inflation much higher than
what they're willing to admit but what
does this say about what's occurring
right now that's right the real economy
is showing a very different world than
than what's happening in the stock
market the stock market is looking
fantastic I pinpointed the bottom of the
stock market over one year ago telling
everybody what they need to know look
this is happening this is the reason why
I followed up about a week or two later
again making the same mention and it is
very clear now looking back a year it
all made sense many people weren't
paying attention to me as a result of
everything and look you can see it take
it for what you want but I'm telling you
right now when you see the money mirror
method which I've talked about numerous
times here on this channel and everybody
on the fun Friday live sessions that we
have uh get to know all about it this is
an important thing because it's a signal
and when we start to break that down as
we will do here you're going to make
sense of it I'm just trying to help you
out because of what I can see people are
so confused out there because these
YouTubers are actually actively
flip-flopping so fast you can't keep up
so here on this channel I stick to the
basics and always the fundamentals of
what's been happening and we have easy
monetary policies and certainly that has
skewed everything what's Warren Buffett
doing well he's selling $28 billion a
stock look even for Warren Buffett
that's a lot just to give you a little
bit of insight the guy is sitting on
$17 billion
of cash well really that's cash
equivalent right cash equivalent think
about it if he's going to earn
5% on something like a US Treasury and
he has the option of okay or let's buy
some of one stock or another he's going
to say I can guarantee 5% here or I can
take the risk of what a few percent 5%
is it going to be
7% well the prospects here are very
important to understand never lose money
rule number one and so he says yeah I'll
take the 5% over that and you see his
track record not just over the last few
years not just over the last decade but
decade after decade after decade so he
knows what he's doing now he's going to
invest differently than somebody else
but his method have been working here
all throughout and what is it it's all
about the perceived value of a company
at some point in the near future what
are they pulling through right now are
they able to actually bring in cash
bring in capital and make their
shareholders happy what Warren Buffett
is signaling is that next year 2024 is
not going to be strong that's for sure
he's signaling in his own way that a
recession is coming Warren Buffett likes
to take take a look as they say in this
article here he would rather be sitting
on this cash because he can earn that
money but more importantly be ready to
deploy massive amounts of capital
because he's considered to be the lender
of Last Resort in these certain
uncertain times you know you may be
already aware of this but during the
financial crisis the whole like you
couldn't get money you couldn't get a
loan it was not going to happen whether
that's for real estate whether that's
for businesses companies were going
bankrupt all of these things were
happening one after the other and you
had this tightening of credit so would
you believe it that Bank of America and
other companies that happen at this time
would go to Warren Buffett and others
they would say these are the
circumstances we want your
investment and in that case he took it
on of course in the rest is history but
there were companies that would approach
him and he would turn them down saying
no this is not viable so you got to
realize this he's ready to deploy but he
wants to buy for pennies on the dollar
he doesn't want to buy at the most
inflated prices ever at the highest
prices all-time record highs that's
generally not what he does I mean he
does accumulate here and there but when
you've got this amount of cash he wants
to do it all at once and buy entire
companies if he can so that's the
difference between a Warren Buffett
approach and the average investor you
could take the approach you decide but
let's learn from what he's doing and
it's not just him by the way if you want
to know what guys like Warren Buffett
are doing at any time I've made this
video many many years ago it's how to
find exactly what stocks big investors
like Warren Buffett are buying you can
just type that in and it's also under my
playlists you go to my uh main channel
the money GPS scroll down to the bottom
under the playlist called easy ecourse
click on that playlist and that's the
video in there it's also in the link in
the description under the sources so
what do we have today like what what's
going on in the stock market what do
that tell us about the economy this is
important if even if you're not an
investor okay so you got to pay
attention to this look and by the way if
you share this with your friends who you
know claim to know about stocks please
do so they can understand what's going
on here if they're looking to invest if
they're talking about the stock market
these are the things they need to know
so you will see this at this time on the
right hand side there's single stocks
and there is essentially the ETFs of the
broad market and people right now
they're investing broadly in the market
versus single stocks that's not
happening now because they don't want to
be stock Pickers they don't want to take
risk they just generally want to be
putting money into the market and we
have this iwm which is essentially
looking at small caps smaller companies
and there has been a lot of let's just
call this uh you know risk-taking
because these are
options and they're buying more than
ever before this is a record high in
when we look look at the small caps and
generally that's seen as being um you
know high risk higher risk not the large
caps the small caps well what has
happened over the last while has been
that the Magnificent Seven has taken
everything all the money has been
flowing into the Magnificent Seven the
tech stocks right they've been getting
all the money they've been getting all
the attention and now perhaps that has
started to flip to a small degree anyway
but this is what's going on at the same
and I'll tell you why we're going to
explain why that's the case if you hang
out with me for just a few more minutes
I'll tell you why small caps have been
seeing some interest right here right
now if we look at the markets broadly
you can see that they've been going up
with the anticipation that the Federal
Reserve is going to cut interest rates
you've seen that right I'm sure but that
would mean that everybody at the FED is
wrong because that black line there that
is the anticipation of the market but
look at those yellow dots that are you
know circled in red there that's where
the fed the fomc members that's where
they are saying in 2024 the FED funds
rate will be at and so that black line
is completely different so the market is
saying no no no you're cutting interest
rates and the Federal Reserve is saying
uhuh we're not going to cut interest
rates and we know specifically the
Federal Reserve is it's never going to
actually tell you they're not going to
say it's a recession now so you get
better panic and you better go sell
everything they've never done that once
before so we have to take what they say
with the grain of salt just like they
were saying inflation is transitory and
all that nonsense okay so let's I mean I
I still can't say that without laughing
so keep that in mind now we have this
S&P 500 seasonality from 1950 through
2022 and it is during this period of
time that we see bullishness we see more
money being thrown into the markets all
throughout end of the year this Santa
Claus rally uh a lot of times is
basically like right after Halloween
that we would see more money coming
in looking at it as well Russ 2000
versus the S&P 500 that's the small caps
versus the S&P 500 seasonality since
1980 Russell 2000
outperforms okay so understand what
we're seeing now seasonality of the
stock market overall but also comparing
the small caps to the General market S&P
500 and you do see that the small caps
tend to win there is you know th this is
all I'm connecting all the dots together
here and hope you can see that and I
hope you do appreciate it if you do all
you got to do is hit that Thumbs Up
Button because number one it supports
the channel but also it notifies the
algorithm out there that hey this is
some good stuff so it will push that
into other people's feeds I want to
thank you for doing that isn't this
interesting though the way that this all
works there's the seasonality there's
the comparison of the different markets
and you could see with big investors
like uh Warren Buffett are doing so it's
very important stuff at the same time we
have this S&P 500 performance around the
start of the FED cutting cycles and so
if there is a recession yeah you've got
a problem depending on what it is is a
financial crisis tech stocks boom bust
you know all all those uh yeah then then
the stock market can come down but the
median of all episodes tends to be that
once they start in there's know a little
bit of turbulence here and there but
eventually markets come up afterward and
we know that it all depends on what that
catalyst is we want to wait for a
catalyst is a bank in crisis is it a you
know suddenly a a bust on the stock
market like these things matter but at
some point they're going to cut there's
going to be some sort of bailouts we
have seen this before and as a result
risk assets usually and end up doing
better you know 12 months 24 months out
from that period it usually looks like
that uh but in that bare Market there's
a lot of people that lose their shirts
especially the ones that are taking on
too much risk too much debt so the
message here is we are at an all-time
high you have to be aware of that you
have to trim your winnings and you have
to start to realize that okay I don't
want to be greedy at this time I'm going
to put some capital on the sidelines
because I want to deploy but I'm not at
the same time going to go and just sell
everything because that's a risk as well
you have to have a balance a balance
very important stuff and a lot of people
don't want to talk about that that's not
sexy hey I think it's good but what can
you do and then you look at it you know
across the ocean and we see what's going
on inside of China um you could see
what's going on with Hong Kong looking
at this a historic slump in Hong Kong's
$4.6 trillion stock market is Rippling
through the city's financial industry um
check it out you've got stock brokerage
local brokerages closing down this is a
record 49 shut up shop in
2022 again over and over and over again
money is fleeing I have the charts right
here you could see the stock index
heading for a record fourth year of
losses and it's getting worse look at
the trend there it's not a good sign
some would say that China is becoming
uninvestable for foreign investors
that's what they're saying but you know
usually when it's like that it's it's
always the opposite that happens um Hong
Kong stock market is fading versus
Japan's and Japan you know how terrible
their circumstances are I mean I don't
even know how they're still
standing but that's the way it goes and
so I would just wanted to make it clear
the money has left certain areas and
found its place in others and the US has
benefited from that they' benefited from
the strong currency and they had
benefited from the you know the the
treasuries as a result people putting
money in hey 5% why not so money is
generally been flowing in that direction
and people are concerned about what's
happening in China China is trying to
get foreign investment back and going
and we could see right now the struggle
that they are dealing with if you want
to know about what's going on with
particular stocks you're like I don't
know what to choose and this and that
that's why I partner with uh Seeking
Alpha because Seeking Alpha can give you
details that you just do not find like
don't compare the their General website
that that's not a good way to do it um
but their paid subscription is actually
really good you can see that
um this is called their Alpha pick which
they have and on the right hand side
they show the performance vastly
outperforming uh the General market
which has done very well of course um
and you could see it it's almost 60%
versus the S&P 500 to add about
22% so if you're interested in that you
just basically go to the link in the
description click on that and it will
bring you to the page you could see for
yourself there is a discount that's
always run in over there and what they
decided that you know by the time you're
watching this video you'll get a
discount on that product so just check
it out it's it's definitely worth it I
would say U for those who are really
looking towards investing then you
should be more informed than what we
have available out there with uh you
know a lot of misinformation the comment
of the day I want to thank you for that
I work at the Mayo Clinic and we had AI
start to work alongside of us 5 months
ago and it it was way off in it's
decisionmaking back then 5 months later
and it's unbelievably accurate now I
would be shocked if job Cuts aren't
happening within 6 months so thank you
for that comment and I just want you to
understand that there are disruptions
that are going on and you need to be
aware of them I hope that you will stay
in tuned with this channel because I'm
going to bring you the latest and
greatest information make sure that you
tune in every day make sure you come
back go to the m
GPS make sure that you seek this channel
out probably won't end up in your feed
but I want to thank you for being here
today and I hope and see you tomorrow
take care